# Project Overview
For the Restaurant Reviews projects, you will incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In Stage One, you will take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. You will also begin converting this to a Progressive Web Application by caching some assets for offline use.

## Specification
You will be provided code for a restaurant reviews website. The code has a lot of issues. It's barely usable on a desktop browser, much less a mobile device. It also doesn't include any standard accessibility features, and it doesn't work offline at all. Your job is to update the code to resolve these issues while still maintaining the included functionality.

## Requirements
**Make the provided site fully responsive.** All of the page elements should be usable and visible in any viewport, including desktop, tablet, and mobile displays. Images shouldn't overlap, and page elements should wrap when the viewport is too small to display them side by side.

**Make the site accessible.** Using what you've learned about web accessibility, ensure that alt attributes are present and descriptive for images. Add screen-reader-only attributes when appropriate to add useful supplementary text. Use semantic markup where possible, and aria attributes when semantic markup is not feasible.

**Cache the static site for offline use.** Using Cache API and a ServiceWorker, cache the data for the website so that any page (including images) that has been visited is accessible offline.

## Steps to complete the project
1. Fork and clone the starter repository. The code in this repository will serve as your baseline to begin development.
2. You'll need your own Google Maps API key. Replace the text YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY on line 37 of index.html with your own key.
3. Convert the provided site to use a responsive design .
    - Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
    - Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
    - Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
    - Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
    - Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device
4. Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
5. Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site's assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.


## Before Submitting
Make sure your code adheres to our HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Git style guidelines.

- [Udacity's HTML Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html)
- [Udacity's CSS Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/css.html)
- [Udacity's JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html)
- [Udacity's Git Style Guide](https://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/)

We recommend using Git from the very beginning. Make sure to commit often and to use well-formatted commit messages that conform to our guidelines.

## How will this project be evaluated?
Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity Code Reviewer according to the rubric. Be sure to review it thoroughly before you submit. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass.

The project rubric is your source of truth while building this project. Save it to your browser bookmarks so you can access it easily!


## Submission Instructions
1. Push your project to GitHub, making sure to push the master branch.
2. On the project submission page choose the option 'Submit with GitHub'
3. Select the repository for this project (you may need to connect your GitHub account first).


## Detailed Project Specification

https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1090/view

#### Responsive Design
1. Is the site UI compatible with a range of display sizes?

    - [ ] All content is responsive and displays on a range of display sizes.

    - [ ] Content should make use of available screen real estate and should display correctly at all screen sizes.

    - [ ] An image's associated title and text renders next to the image in all viewport sizes.

2. Are images responsive?

    - [ ] Images in the site are sized appropriate to the viewport and do not crowd or overlap other elements in the browser, regardless of viewport size.

3. Are application elements visible and usable in all viewports?

    - [ ] On the main page, restaurants and images are displayed in all viewports. The detail page includes a map, hours and reviews in all viewports.

#### Accessibility

1. Are images accessible?

    - [ ] All content-related images include appropriate alternate text that clearly describes the content of the image.

2. Is focus used appropriately to allow easy navigation of the site?

    - [ ] Focus is appropriately managed allowing users to noticeably tab through each of the important elements of the page. Modal or interstitial windows appropriately lock focus.

3. Are site elements defined semantically?

    - [ ] Elements on the page use the appropriate semantic elements. For those elements in which a semantic element is not available, appropriate ARIA roles are defined.

#### Offline Availability

1. Are pages that have been visited available offline?

    - [ ] When available in the browser, the site uses a service worker to cache responses to requests for site assets. Visited pages are rendered when there is no network access.
